hello guys welcome to my channel this is
my second week in Russia up to eight
months in the United States and I'm
starting to notice more and more
differences and I can't wait to share
them with you if you're interested in
hearing what are the differences between
Russia and the United States please
continue watching this video
difference number one when we visit our
friends in Russia we would normally take
off our shoes and then put on some
slippers in America I had a couple of
situations when my friends came to visit
me and they haven't taken off their
shoes they just proceeded into the
apartment and on the carpet I know it's
different from apartment two from host
to host or environment to apartment
sometimes I come to visit my friends and
they say hey we have this new floors
could you please take off your shoes but
normally you wouldn't ask people to take
off your shoes even if it's like winter
outside but in Russia even if it's
summer like now beautiful nice weather
you would still take off issues when you
want into the apartment so well people
from Silicon Valley you can cry now
internet in Russia is so sad see just
100 megabits per second and comes five
dollars a month five dollars a month oh
wow another difference that I've noticed
in Russia is that it's very typical here
to talk about other people and talk
about their how they look like whether
they have manicure whether their makeup
is good enough where their clothes are
good enough and I've actually started
notice noticing that on my channels
because I have a channel in Russian and
I see a lot of comments about like
Marina can you get a manicure or a
Marina can you learn how to put on
makeup on my American channel my English
Channel I don't normally see that and I
think this is connected with Russian
mentality where we like to discuss other
people between ourselves and maybe give
a lot of advice on how you should dress
or how you should look like and yet this
is another difference just a cultural
difference and yeah for every country I
don't know if it's typical in your
country to discuss other people and give
advice please comment down the wall
something else I wanted to add in Russia
even if it's a sunny day like this oh
look how beautiful food you deserted
okay but back to the topic even if it's
a sunny day I still need to have my
lights on in America I don't have to do
that I only need to have my lights on
attempted and done and at night of
course but here in Russia all the time
they need to be switched on
I can pages by putting my cards on a
safe at Terminal look any spaces 2
rubles on my parking what I do it works
just connecting to server transaction
approved here we go and the parking cost
60 rubles an hour which is dollar an
hour and that's the difference again
about driving when I Drive in Russia and
when I Drive at night for example I'm
going on a highway from the countryside
to the city if somebody approaches me
from the opposite direction and I have
my high beams on I would always switch
them off and the person from the
opposite direction will always switch
them off as well because they know that
high beams can blind you can distract
you from driving in America when I'm
driving from Manu to San Francisco on a
highway everybody coming from the
opposite direction would have their high
beams on and they wouldn't switch them
off sometimes they would but it happens
really rarely and I really like the
tradition the Russian tradition to
switch the hidings off because yeah it
starts distracting and another
difference that I've noticed between the
two channels is that on my Russian
Channel people are a little more
aggressive than American and I see more
negative comments on my Russian channel
again I think this is connected with
culture that people are I used to saying
the truth so for example in America when
I pitch to investor he would say marina
your project is amazing but
unfortunately we do not invest on this
stage by the love she will be variable
life very nice
he would never say that my company sucks
it doesn't by the way it's just some
investors another right fit but in
Russia if you pitch to an investor they
might just say Oh
what are you doing up if useless so
nobody will use your product and they
would just be really straightforward and
when I came to America I was a little
deceived by what American people told me
because I thought they really liked the
company and when they wrote me an email
saying please keep us posted I thought
that well in three months when I get
more attraction they would definitely
invest and keep us posted doesn't really
mean that keep us posted means we don't
really like your company but we just
want to be polite and we still want you
to consider us maybe with the next
company but don't bother us anymore so
that's it
so yeah in Russia people are really
straightforward and don't be offended if
they tell you like oh my god you look
really bad today because this is this is
a Russian thing we just like to be
honest we don't like small talk we just
want to be straightforward and there's a
difference between Russia and the USA
when you go to a restaurant in Russia
and you want to tip the waiter if you
only have your credit card you might
have a problem because we don't have the
system where on your receipt you would
have a special field where you can write
down the sum of money that you want to
live as if in Russia the only way to pay
tips by your credit card is to ask the
waiter to include extra 10% in your bill
and yesterday I forgot to do that I
forgot to ask him to include 10% 10% is
the average 10 to 15 percent of the
average tip sometimes people don't even
tip the waiter this is not really like a
traditional thing to do in Russia and
yeah I forgot and they told him hey I do
any cash what it is you like never mind
it's okay pay up but I think it's it
coming to Russia maybe we'll have to
system point two or three years you know
another difference in America if you
order water or juice in the restaurant
it would normally be served with ice and
when it came to Russia
like I order water interests on our
order truth and I feel that something is
wrong I have a different feeling about
what I'm drinking and then I realize it
doesn't have ice so I would normally ask
for more ice here and I don't really
think this is a climate thing because
when I was in Boston in December it was
so cold but they were still serving
water and juice with ice in Russia in a
new summer water and juice would
normally be room temperature again
depending on the place but they would
never put ice in water by default
another tip I'm actually filming this in
my mum's car and the movies like don't
forget to mention that in Russian
museums for foreigners are normally more
expensive than museums brushes I'll
explain more so dear citizen of Russia
you will get a lower price and I
remember this thing so I think it was
ten years ago when my friend from the UK
came to visit and we were a group of
five I guess we were visiting the museum
here in Russia and I was with my parents
and with my Russian friends and then was
the girl from the UK and we bought like
Russian citizens tickets for everyone
and then went into the museum but at the
entrance there's this babushka which is
current mother in Russia so these ladies
who control the ticket and she looks at
my friend from the UK and she was like
where do you come from
in Russian and my friend doesn't speak
any Russian she's like just smiling and
they stopped her and asked her to
purchase another ticket the ones before
I guess this is connected with the same
where government subsidizes museum
tickets for the citizens so we can have
more opportunities and to go to museums
and enjoy the art but yet remember don't
forget that if you're foreigner coming
to Russia and when a visitor staying
museum you will have to pay more and
another difference in America people
would always tell me like Marina you're
from Russia you don't have to be cold
like even when it's like I don't know 20
degrees Fahrenheit
because here from Russia you should be
warm this is so so wrong because in
Russia
parents start to care about keeping
their children warm all the time so even
in summer you will see children wearing
hats and wearing warm coats
cute parents are really concerned of
their children falling ill and this is
why we really like to keep ourselves
warm so for example even if it's like I
don't know 10 degrees Celsius or what is
it in Fahrenheit it's like 50 I would
still like wear my scarf and maybe a hat
again everybody is different but I think
on genetic level American and European
people are more cold resistance because
when I was in the UK I saw children just
going and swimming in the sea and if he
was so cold I couldn't even like dip my
finger in it and yeah I wish I was more
cold resistant because they're in San
Francisco freezing all the time because
such cold weather for me the only
country where I'm not freezing is
probably Thailand or Europe in summer
another difference it's again about
driving in Russia I've noticed it since
I filmed my last video in Russia when
somebody lets you in on the road so for
example you need to turn right and you
need to change the lane if somebody lets
you in then you just press the triangle
button the emergency or whatever buttons
so you just press it and this way you
think the guy because your light starts
to flash and this is the way to say
thank you in America I've never seen
people doing that I try to do that a
couple times but then I realized
actually legal because I'm misleading
the other drivers because they don't
know that this is actually thank you in
Russian and sometimes I see people I saw
people in England saying thank you by
waving their hand but then I was
researching American rules how to drive
cars and actually had signs also mean
something like stop and like turning
left so I stopped doing that but if you
remain from America watching this video
please let me know how do you think
people just try it by let me know okay I
saw was it these are my differences for
today between America and Russia if you
like this video don't forget to like if
you know any more
differences please write them down
comment below and I will see you in the
next video bye
[Music]
you